David cameras trying to renegotiate the you case
tens of membership of the eu before the referendum he sets out what he
wants to change things like boosting the our of national parliaments...
He needs all twenty-seven of the eu leaders to
...is met...on a one-to-one basis to try and persuade them of
is plan now he's returning to some countries like
poland because there are some sticking points...prime minister wants to stop eu
citizens from other countries who work in the uk from claiming some benefits
like tax credits for four years the idea is make it less attractive and
fewer people will come but some eu leaders including poland's
...that could discriminates against their citizens because someone from more
...doing these things all the you cases
in london could end up getting lax...fact and it could be illegal
...important to...cameron is the only part of his renegotiation he can
say might reduce immigration.